About the time the couple cut the cake
About the time the couple cut the cake
After Canada the USA's a piece of cake
Ain't no piece of cake
Ain't nothing but a fruit cake
All I found was that old piece of our wedding cake.
All's fair in love and war, piece of cake
All the world is birthday cake
And a halfpenny cake,
And ain't no fake gonna steal my cake
And ain't no fake gonna steal my cake
And a piece of the wedding cake
And a red-head freckled face blows out the candles on his birthday cake
And baked him a cake
And dream of mama's chocolate cake
And I can't be runnin late cause I'm about that cake
And I quietly finished my strawberry cake
And I share her love of wine and cake
And I will bake a sugar cake
And I will bake a sugar cake
and janey's fingers were in the cake
and janey's fingers were in the cake
And Janey's fingers were in the cake
And Janey's fingers were in the cake
And start to bake a sugar cake
And start to bake a sugar cake
and the brook valley man dem need a slice a di cake
And the maid comes in with coffee and cake
And we would sail under the stars eating strawberry cake
And when you stand before the candles on a cake
And you're filling your fat face with every different kind of cake
Antagonizing pressure is the icing on the cake
a piece of cake
A piece of your cake?
Are you made or broken by the birthday cake?
Are you made or broken by the birthday cake?
A sell dem sell very cheap fi fruit cake
As we keep you wired, so up the stakes, cut the cake
Ate up all of the wedding cake, Uh-huh.
Baby Cham and Foxy Brown, ah we take the cake
Baby don't stop, take it to the top, eat it like a piece of cake
Back inside Sam, throw away your cake
Back the cake,
Baked inside a fudge cake.
Baking up a Martian cake
Becomes a piece of cake
Becomes a piece of cake
Becomes a piece of cake
Becomes a piece of cake
Beef cake?
Been like this ever since I got my cake up
Been piece of cake
before the candles on a cake
Before you hibernate and you come out a crab cake"
Being that we ugly, it ain't a piece of cake.
Birthday wordplay, piece of cake
Black the colour icing on our cake
Blow out the candles on the cake
But bein an entertainer puts the icin on the cake
But I hear tell someone's been diggin round in my cake
But im still gettin cake
But I wake, mountains pop out of the cake
but the something on the side is what takes the cake
But this job ain't all cookies and cake
But this one takes the cake
But wait, he got singles in his cake
But your friends are hungry so just cut the stupid cake.
But your kiss is sweeter than the cake
But you take the cake
Can I have another piece of chocolate cake?
Carved our initials on top of the cake
'cause wit whipped cream on em, they taste just like cake
Celebrate, drink up, get your cake up,
Claiming the got backs but they never share their cake
Comes with the wedding cake
Come with the wedding cake
Come with the wedding cake.
comin' around for devil's cake
Consider my raw demeanor the icing on the cake
Cutting the cake
Cutting the cake
Cuz wit whipped cream on em, they taste just like cake
Dark, rich and thick like a fresh baked cake
dem sin a pile up on dem and it a cake up
dem sin a pile up on dem and it a cake up
Did we mention each meal would be full of fun cake?
Did you leave your pretty fingers flying in the wedding cake?
Did you leave your pretty fingers lying in the wedding cake?
Don't need candles and cake
Don't that take the cake
Eat a crocodile cake
Eat it like a piece of cake
Ended up in folsom but the file was in the cake
Everyday is a grind, gotta get the cake up
famous for his cake
First they brought in tay and cake
for a cup of cold coffee and a piece of cake.
For a slice of cake
For the birthday cake
Four and twenty blackbirds in a cake
Four and twenty blackbirds in a cake
Four and twenty blackbirds in a cake
From "Fruitcake" by Eraserheads:
Gave up your lot for a bite of the cake
Get cha cake up
getting that independent cake
Give me a cake
Gotta get my cake up
ha get your cake up
Half baked, eatin' ganja cake
Happy birthday darling, I've no present, no fancy cake
heaven is a beef-cake.
He lost his slice of the eternal cake
Here is some milk and oaten cake.
Here on earth I'll have my cake
Her name is Little Debbie, and I love her cake
He said baby you'r so hott you could bake my cake
He said don't worry it's a piece of cake
He said don't worry it's a piece of cake
He said you try it, I said it's a piece of cake
He's a piece of cake
He was the one afraid to cut the cake
Hey producer cut me on the cake
Him and Genius flew back from, Uganda black, gettin' that cake
Homie over here's tryin to take his cake
I ain't tryina sell my soul but I'm tryina get this cake
I bake Donald Trump cake
I bang up like a birthday cake
I believe in birthday cake
I can fill your larder, I'm a piece of cake.
Ice cream and cake.
iceing on a cake
I'd celebrate at your wake, I'd bake myself a cake
I didn't know this was the place I'd get my piece of the cake
I don't want a piece of your cake!
I eat it up and take the cake
I eat my cake
If 50 was Puffy, you'd run and go get him a cheese cake
If I kill, yo, I'm doin' so for the cake
If I knew you were comin' I'd've baked a cake
If I told you what I make, everytime I flip a cake
I flashed a grin and said, Jack this is gonna be a piece of cake
If you bring enough for them, you can have your cake
I got locked by the jake, you was right I had to take the whole cake
I gotta stay awake when I hold the cake
I had to leave before they even cut the cake.
I had to leave before they even cut the cake.
I light the candles and I cut the cake
I like cake,
i lived in a cake
I live in a cake,
I'll cut out cake
I'll give you a cake
I'll make my money, set my cake up
I'll screw my only brother for even a glimpse at a piece of the cake
I love you like a fat kid love cake
I love you like a fat kid love cake
I'm a bake a hater cake today
I'm a bake a hater cake today
I'm a cup of hot coffee, I'm a piece of cake.
I make spaghetti, she brings cake
I'm a man - I insist you insist on a piece of cake
I'm cake
I'm craving the taste of the cake
I'm craving the taste of the cake
I'm gonna bake me her favorite cake
I'm gonna be on you like a fat kid on cake!
I'm just tryin' to be the great, tryin' to get a piece of cake
I'm on a paper chase for pies, yeah that cookies and cake
I'm on a paper chase for pies, yeah that cookies and cake
i`m popping out of my rebirthday cake
I'm selfish got to have the pie and the whole cake
I'm the candles on you're cake
I'm the one that get the cake
I'm your cream cake
In an old age pension-less cake
in the wedding cake?
In the wedding cake?
In time I've earned my cake,
I popped out from a cake
I put my face down in the cake
I say let 'em all eat cake.
I say stick together God until y'all cake up
I shake the jake to get the cake
Is it the baker who gave you a cake
is just icing on the cake,
Is sweeter than the cake
I swear it ain't been the same ever since I got cake
It ain't hard to tell, you know I get cake
It all comes with the wedding cake
It all comes with the wedding cake...
it hasn't always been a piece of cake
I thought the world was sugar cake
It's a'one big... one big... one big... cake!
It's as easy as pie, and as simple as cake
It's gonna melt the icing on our cake
It's no piece of cake,
It's time to get wise, rise, and cut the cake
It's time to get wise, rise, and cut the cake
I've got some mochomo cake
I wanna have my piece of cake
I want the whole of the cake
I want to be the girl with the most cake
I will be the file in the cake
Janey's fingers were in the cake
Janey's fingers were in the cake
Jimmy wanna piece o' your chocolate cake!
Joy and tears come with the wedding cake.
Just icing on the cake
Just the sweet watermelon and the buckwheat cake
Leaving all the yellow roses on her wedding cake
"Let 'em eat cake."
Let's spend some cake
Life is a piece of cake
Life is just a piece of cake
Light a fuse, bake a cake
Like dropping out of weight while you're trying to have your cake
Lost in coma and covered in cake.
Love burns all and hate takes the cake
Luck seemed to serve us a slice of life's cake
makes you humble for the pot, I know he's accustomed to the cake
makes you humble for the pot, I know he's accustomed to the cake
Man, this really takes the cake
Marie said "Just let them eat cake"
Mary antoinette enjoyed her cake
Matter fact make me a birthday cake
Matter fact make me a birthday cake
Mek all mi allstar cake
Mind right, cake up
Most friends were broke, only a couple had cake
My heart, my soul, my candy, my cake
My piece of the cake
Nibblin' on sponge cake
ni mamul bbetnun kosun negenun piece of a cake
Not an enticing effect to be icing your face like a cake
Now it's time to light another candle on the cake
Now, let's set it straight, B-I-G don't cuff or cake
now my cake up
Now they're out in the woods eating ice-cream and cake
odd years without having my cake up
One day it's honey and raisin cake,
on my birthday give me a burger not a cake
on my way up, gettin my cake up
Or feed you poison birthday cake
Out of a ginger cake
People say you can't have your cake
Playin' patty cake (patty cake)
Poor old papa carved the turkey and little sister cut the cake
Red Velvet cake
Remember I'm gonna spend my cake
Right, look, I was out of town getting cake
Rubberbands round cash im makin cake
Running this hotel is no piece of cake
Same knife that cuts your throat divides the cake
seems like a cake
see the sugar bowl do a tootsi roll and the bad devils food cake
She could almost taste the cake.
She in her birthday suit cause of the damn cake
She might pop out of the top of a birthday cake
She takes the cake -
So damp and rich a cake-
so i get up off my bump and go get that cake
So just cut the stupid cake
Somebody's been digging 'round in my cake.
some folks like cake
Some songs sound like cake
Some take just apple pie, some take just cake
soup and his kingly cake
[So why not bake a sunshine cake,]
spaghetti and cookies and cake
Spaghetti and cookies and cake
stake and a layer cake.
Still you want to have and eat your cake
straight to the hood to see some new cake
Sweet as a cake
Sweet carob rice cake
Sweeter than a buckwheat cake
Sweet potatoe cake
That's nice, but it's just icing on the cake.
That's when the voice began to barter with the promise of cake.
That way they get the biggest slice of the cake
The camel's tellin' you to come on, you had to cake it
The few hours off to eat wedding cake
The girl in the cake
The jingoistic cake
The kids won't eat my charcoal cake
The kids won't eat my charcoal cake
The layers on the cake
Then blow out the candles, and have a piece of cake!
Then its kissy smiley, fake fake fake, Like a cake
The only thing she'd make was cake,
There's no bread, let them eat cake
There's too much motherfuckin' paper to cake up
There were no balloons or cake
The sacramental cake:
The safe in the floor with a life time of cake
These limitations that burden me must be the icing on your cake
The streets is talkin and they tellin me to go get that cake
The way John Goodman needs cake
They brought in tea and whisky cake.
They do whatever it takes to keep a lil' cake
They just get the news and the ones in power always get the cake
Thinking about you is the icing on the cake.
Thinking about you is the icing on the cake.
Thirty-nine (39) candles burnt out on a cake
Thirty-one candles on her birthday cake
this dessert, takes the cake,
This is what you call presidential cake up
This is what you call presidential cake up
This is what you call presidential cake up
Those who could relate know the world ain't cake
Those who could relate know the world ain't cake
till you run out of cake.
Today my son birthday and I can't even buy a cake
To make up for that piece of cake
To much icind on the cake
Too many reaching for a piece of cake
Too much sugar and too much cake
Traveling and stacking the cake
Triple beam wit da lean, the man wit da cake
Tryin' not to go to jail, tryin' not to cake up
Vanilla fudge and wedding cake
Vanilla fudge and wedding cake
Violet wants ice cream, Violet wants cake
Want a big piece of the cake
Want you to come get a file in your cake
Was sugar cake
Watch me bake my own cake
We ask them for bread and get ?let them eat cake?
We drank a lot of stout and ate a lot of cake!
We get a bit of the good life, a piece of the cake
Well all that icing and all that cake,
Well did he leave your pretty fingers lying in the wedding cake
well, first she brought out tea and cake,
Well I found a match and wrote these words on your cake
Well, I'll be a lawman's piece of cake
Well, she go to see the baker when she wants a cake
[We ought to bake a sunshine cake]
We ought to bake a sunshine cake,
We smash for cake
What's up? They all want the cake
When a waiter brought out a big strawberry cake
when do i jump out of the cake
when it comes to brains I take the cake
when it comes to brains I take the cake
When I was nine I said a rhyme by putting candles on my cake
When there was still one piece of cake
Where we're all gonna have a cake.
Where you goin'? Where I'm goin? Finna get the cake!/
Where you said put the cake
Whether we have not or have cake
While blowing out the candles on a birthday cake
While he gorges on truffles and cake.
Who ate every crumb of the wedding cake.
Why don't you take a stone and eat it just as if it were a cake
Why my homeys ain't get that cake
With the big bad devil's food cake.
Won't even buy me cheap, cheap cake
Won't feed the birds bread boys, let them eat cake
Won't feed the birds bread boys, let them eat cake
Yeah and I'm about cake
Yeah I VV'd the stones, dog I'm into cake
(You are just the icing to put on my cake)
You bake my cake
you can bowl me over, I'm a piece of cake.
You can't get a slice if you don't bake the cake
You dudes is cake
You have let us eat the cake
You have sex with cake
You just keep on trying till you run out of cake
You know it's all for the cake, yeah it's all for the cake
You like the frosting, you just bought the cake
You'll miss my carrot cake
You're a man - You insist I insist on a piece of cake
Your pockets we shake for cake
Your style is all tissue, chocolate fudge cream cake
You serve me up with cake
You serve me up with cake
you sick little cup cake,
You take the cake.
You traded in your real man for trailer life and funnel cake
